my name is Edgar and I'm an engineer at
Netflix working on tools and
infrastructure so container adoption has
increased exponentially over the years
and so has the need to mass distribute
and Netflix really launch as many as 3
million containers per week so the need
to innovate container distribution it's
important so what is a container image
here I have a 1/2 image and it consists
of 4 layers and a layer it's just an
archive of files and directories I can
unpack them from dr. bottom to reveal
its contents
and layers are named after the hash of
its content just like ipfs one key
insight here is that we can actually be
couple what's the definition of a bun -
from how we download it once I know what
layer constituents image it doesn't
actually matter where I get it because I
can independently verify the hash so we
can leverage ipfs as a CDN for container
layers the first let's visit revisit how
ipfs adds files so a large file in ipfs
is broken down the blocks hash to digest
and then store it as a self described
identifier known C ID and then hash into
a tree of nodes called a merkel tag and
the roots the ID is the identifier for
the file coming back to containers for
every layer in a bun - we can actually
break it down to blocks and then using
the roots the ID translate it to a
digest format that container D
understands by doing this we created a
pure pure version of Ubuntu and then we
can use an IP FS plugin for container D
in order to retrieve container layers
through ipfs to demonstrate how this
works I'm going to shard a peer-to-peer
image across the ec2 cluster and then
try to download it so sharding we're
gonna take every layer break it down to
chunks some of which may be duplicate it
and then group them into roughly 33% of
total size and then pin them on ec2
nodes on ad bus
so here I have a three easy two nodes on
ec2 and then I am going to check the IPS
repo and
we sawed-off we're about 14 kilobytes of
data what we can do now is a shard the
peer-to-peer image across the cluster
such that each node has about 33% of the
data and then when we check IPS again
we'll see that they roughly have twenty
ten megabytes of data so what we want to
do now is measure how long it takes for
every node and network to receive 100%
of the data let's see how that works so
that took about two seconds and that's
close to docker hub speed using Akamai
CDN we track ipfs now they have about 28
mega it's data chicken continuty we can
see that the layers are indeed present
in all the nodes to make this more
interesting how about we scale up this
experiment so we're gonna resize the
server group to 50 nodes and this is
gonna take a while so we're gonna skip
ahead - and that's done and now we have
50 nodes which means that when we short
the image each node as 2% of the image
or 7 file blocks each this is an
unrealistic scenario but we're gonna see
how that works
so you see there's a lot of network
chatter and that affects the
distribution of the image so it's gonna
take about 11 seconds can I go next
so container the container ecosystem
already uses content addressable storage
so it makes ipfs a natural fit
I believe ipfs has a great opportunity
to improve distribution we just need to
focus on benchmarking and performance
tuning so what's next a paper from
slacker sort of survey 57 different
containerized applications and found
that only about 6% of the data is
actually used so what can actually do is
pack the container file system by a fuse
and then we can actually create a
manifest that serializes the metadata
for files that way we can boot up a
container file system that it's gonna
take you know milliseconds because the
manifest is only 200 kilobytes bate and
then on demand actually download the
files through the same ipfs plugin
through the IP CS which is the project I
work on thank you
[Applause]